hi guys welcome to a new Asus
Transformer Prime video just wanted to
show you a little tip for when you are
getting applications that art from the
android marketplace sometimes you make
off beat them crack and find something
on a forum or a website download the
product and then try to install it if
you do so you might encounter this issue
so if I just gets my downloads here not
there I do apologize let's go back let's
see so I've downloaded this program here
called volume plus which is to improve
your volume on there the transformer it
goes past see default so you can make it
louder if I try and download it like
that I will get this message the
security your tablet is set up set to
block installations for applications not
obtained from the android market how you
simply need to do is go to the settings
for just until this run the correct
weight and then scroll down to hear what
is device administration or non unknown
sources allow installation from
non-market apps basically that's going
to allow you to install applications
from anywhere on your tablet whether
it's stored in a download folder or
anywhere else just essentially so you
can get programs side of a market so if
we do okay that go back to the home
screen and it back to my downloads if I
press on there this time should get the
information that i need about the
program and no restrictions from
installing it and then it just install
it that so just a little tip for you on
how to install a program if you are
downloading it not from the marketplace
hope you found that useful thanks for
watching them
you